Third uncle and third sister, what are you doing?
Have you seen the news?
There was such a big emergency
The company is going bankrupt
Let your dad return the money to us
Go back and pay me back
Senior, your dad doesn't come forward about this matter
Shouldn't they all be out?
Third uncle is not
Who am I kidding?
The group is about to go bankrupt
If we don't come again
I'm afraid your dad is going to take the money away
Knowing that the company is going bankrupt, don't come to help
Ask for money in time
So shameless
Who are you thinking about?
It's our family business
What does it have to do with you?
Third Uncle, our Chen Feng is here to help the company.
Not like when your company lives and dies
Still here asking us for money?
What's wrong with asking for money?
We deserve this money.
Your dad has made billions over the years
I don't know. Give us some.
Now the company is going bankrupt
Deserved
Third sister, if my father hadn't helped you back then
I'm afraid that small factory in your company
Long ago closed down
And your grandson
ask yourself
Has my father treated you badly over the years?
unexpected
Now you're asking us for money here?
No big or small, you dare to talk to me like that
I see you are
Dare to move thunder, right?